feat(ai): Re-export AI SDK manual instrumentation helpers (#6028)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

- Expose screenshot masking options (`screenshot.maskAllText`, `screenshot.maskAllImages`, `screenshot.maskedViewClasses`, `screenshot.unmaskedViewClasses`) for error screenshots ([#6007](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6007))
- Warn Expo users at Metro startup when prebuilt native projects are missing Sentry configuration ([#5984](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/5984))

> - Re-export AI SDK manual instrumentation helpers (`instrumentOpenAiClient`, `instrumentAnthropicAiClient`, `instrumentGoogleGenAIClient`, `createLangChainCallbackHandler`, `instrumentLangGraph`, `instrumentStateGraphCompile`) for use in React Native apps ([#5297](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/5297))

Reviewer: Let's reference the PR here for consistency and to make the CI check happy
```suggestion
- Re-export AI SDK manual instrumentation helpers (`instrumentOpenAiClient`, `instrumentAnthropicAiClient`, `instrumentGoogleGenAIClient`, `createLangChainCallbackHandler`, `instrumentLangGraph`, `instrumentStateGraphCompile`) for use in React Native apps ([#6028](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6028))
```
